One day as I wandered, I heard a complaining and saw a poor woman at this girl's gloom.
She glared at the mud and the doorstep was raining and this was her wail as she wielded her broom.
Life is a toil, love is a trouble and the beauty will fade and the riches will flee.
Pleasures they dwindle and prices they bubble and nothing is what one would wish it to be.
There's too much of worriment goes to a bonnet.
There's too much of iron goes to a shirt.
There's nothing that pays for the time you waste on it.
There's nothing that lasts but trouble and dirt.
Sweeping at six, dusting at seven, and breakfast at eight, and dishes at nine.
Potting and panning from ten till eleven.
You scarce break your fast when you plan how to dine.
There's ants in the sugar and slugs in the roses.
And the worms in the cherries and mice in the pies.
The rubbish of spiders no mortal supposes.
With rummaging roaches and damaging flies.
In March it is mud, flush in December.
The midsummer breezes are loaded with dust.
In fall the leaves wither, in muggy September.
The wallpaper rots and the candles will thrust.
Last night in my dreams I was stationed forever on a little lone isle in the midst of the sea.
My one chance of life was a ceaseless endeavor to sweep o'er the waves as they swept over me.
Alas is no dream, again I behold it.
I winked, I am helpless, my face to a birth.
So she rolled down her sleeves and her apron she folded and laid down in bag and was buried in dirt.
And now I'm sober, I'll drink no more, but refuse all the brandy that I came on shore, for it makes a man sick and makes an eww on the floor, for I know how can I endure, how shall I, and how shall I ever get home?